This directory contains Red Hat specific patches that for one reason or
another are not suitable for inclusion in the sources.redhat.com repository.
They are stored here to ensure their inclusion after a merge from external
repositories such as sources.redhat.com.

If you are going to add a patch to this repository, please adhere to the
formatting guidelines below.

File Names
----------

Every patch filename contains 3 unique pieces of information, separate by
"-" characters, and ending with a ".patch" suffix.  The 3 unique portions
are:

1. The year, month, and date the patch is generated.

2. The revision number of the patch.

3. A short string that mentiones what the patch concerns.

As an example, assuming today's date is October 31, 2003, it's the
first patch of its type, and it relates to an insight extension, the patch
file name might be:

031031-1-insightwidget.patch

If for some reason another engineer has checked in an insightwidget patch
and the above filename is not unique, one would instead use:

031031-2-insightwidget.patch


File Contents
-------------

Each patch file contains 3 sections.  The sections are separated by three
"-" characters followed by a ^L (That's a control-L).  The sections are

1.  A description of what the patch does and why it is included in this
archive.  As an example:

This patch updates the support URL to reflect where Red Hat customers
actually submit bug reports for gdb.  This is necessary because the
public gdb bug tracking system is not related to Red Hat support.

2.  Standard ChangeLog entries, describing the nature of the change.  Each
ChangeLog should be prefixed by the path the ChangeLog needs to be installed
with.  This means if the patch needs to be applied to
include/ChangeLog.RedHat, a hypothetical entry might say:

include/ChangeLog.RedHat:
2003-10-28  Brendan Conoboy  <blc@redhat.com>

	* bin-bugs.h: Set REPORT_BUGS_TO to use issue-tracker URL.

In the instance where there are multiple ChangeLogs, enter two blank
lines before the beginning of the next ChangeLog path.

3.  The patch itself in context diff format, generated from the top level
of the gnupro source tree (For example, a patch to gcc's doc/trouble.texi
would use gcc/doc/trouble.texi as its filename).  All patches should be
directly applicable with the patch -p0 command while inside the gnupro
directory.


